Why Data Science

Datasets, Virtually every organization has it and most want to find ways to use it to help them grow their business. That’s where data scientists come in. Data scientists know how to use their skills in math, statistics, programming, and other related subjects to organize these data sets. Then, they apply their knowledge to uncover solutions hidden in the data to take on business challenges and goals.

Why Study Data Science from Here?
Being a successful data scientist takes more than just knowing how to make sense of data.
You also need to understand business issues and how to address them with analytical solutions
A data science Program at SAMI Infotect, can help you become what is called a “unicorn” data scientist

This term is applied to software engineers and data scientists who are, like unicorns, rare and amazing creatures with just the right combination of awesome skills to fit the job.
You’ll also learn analytical and problem-solving skills, and demonstrate ability to apply your knowledge and abilities in real-world settings.
Since we will solving most of problems business face, and we will do couple of real world projects
We are not just gonna teach different topics in the program, but also make you understand how to apply what you learn and how to connect different tools and the variables in different datasets and bring insights out of it.

Importance of Machine learning
The nearly limitless quantity of available data, affordable data storage, and the growth of less expensive and more powerful processing has propelled the growth of machine learning.
Now many industries are developing more robust machine learning models capable of analyzing bigger and more complex data while delivering faster, more accurate results on vast scales. Machine learning tools enable organizations to more quickly identify profitable opportunities and potential risks.

we are having a Free demo session where we will elaborate on all the topics involved, so kindly book your seat today
